## Questions

- Detecting ROI Multiple atau pakai optical flow
- Labeling system (feature selection) since the data is csv?
- Pelatihan model, send model pakai 1d numpy array
- Limitasi penelitian (karena data cuman rest task, speech task ama arithmetic task)

## Notes

Plot sinyal bersamaan untuk komparasi (ambil first 500 sampel)
Try to doing FFT Signal

## Cari EO-2312C RGB Digital Camera Buat determine FPS Camera

- The experience took place in a laboratory room. 68 under-
  graduate psychology students participated in the experience.

Participants were filmed during the experience with an EO-
23121C RGB digital camera by Edmund Optics, with a Motion

JPEG compression and a 35 frame per second rate. The
frame resolution was of 1024 × 1024 pixels.

followed by a band-pass filtering step
which was obtained using a 0.7 and 3.5 Hz cut-off frequency
Butterworth filter

Using OpenFace extraction for face landmaking compare to Mediapipe.

It can be
observed in Fig. 8 that HR group means are close for
both modalities: non-stress mean values are 83.31 bpm and
83.68 bpm for contact and remote HR respectively, while
stress mean-values are 83.95 bpm for contact HR and
84.63 bpm for remote HR.

Results obtained with contact PRV alongside with
EDA are also presented, in order to highlight the compari-
son between contact and non-contact modalities. It is impor-
tant to note here that features related to facial expressions
do not make sense for T 1 and are not used in this experi-
ment.

Physiological fea-
tures were normalized by non-stress state (i.e., T 1) values.
Results, detailed in Table 4, show that all physiological data
outperformed facial expression features, which had a maxi-
mum accuracy of 55.07 percent. This result may be
explained by the fact that contrary to physiological
responses which are spontaneous, facial expressions can be
voluntary

Stress level classification results are globally more limited
than those obtained for stress state recognition. A possible
explanation would be that the speech and the arithmetic tasks
imply a high stress level in both scenarios. In other words,
talking about one’s ideal holidays or doing arithmetic opera-
tion, even simple ones, may be experienced as very stressful
in front of a stranger. Therefore, the difference between the
two stress levels may have not present enough significance

## Pilih Salah satu (Jidat / Area di bawah mata) atau multiple instances of ROI

## Jika multiple ROI, ambil rata-rata / jumlah instancenya.

## Limitasi tugas tidak papa, mengingat 3 tugas itu sudah cukup, tidak harus cukup harus extrem

## Buktikan riset dari HRV menentukan apakah semakin tinggi semakin menjadi stress (Tujuan utama dari penelitian ini)

## Rule based HRV Stress detection using program so to check the overall hrv

## One note: Note we can make it real time on how?
